---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---
## The Cathedral and the Bazaar

The Cathedral and the Bazaar talks about the comparison of closed software to the cathedral and open sourced software to a bazaar. 
Catherdrals need to be carefully crafted by select individuals or small band of members. According to Eric, this was how he was building software at the time. When Linus Torvald released Linux, his style of development was pretty much the opposite of Eric's. The style included delegation of everything you can to anyone you can and to be open. Unlike closed sourced where you release without any betas, Linus believes you should release early and often. This way you can collect feedback and submissions from anyone. When Eric replicated this type of development in the form of open-source project, the result was a massive success.
## Selected Project

I project that I have selected is still [Name suggestion Index](https://github.com/osmlab/name-suggestion-index). This week, I focused on selecting the issues that I would be working on. I have chosen the one's that are marked as `Hacktoberfest` because those are geared towards people that are newer to open source. I made my first [pull request](https://github.com/osmlab/name-suggestion-index/pull/3220) on the issue [#3176](https://github.com/osmlab/name-suggestion-index/issues/3176). When I woke up, the pull request was accepted with a minor edit to my commit. The experience was very smooth and exciting as this is my first contribution outside of my own projects.

## Weekly Summary
* Made my first pull request to my selected project
* Three edits on Open Street Maps
