---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

## Humanitarian Project

The project that peeked my interests is titled [Half of the world’s languages are dying. Should we save them?](https://opensource.com/article/17/7/half-world-languages-dying-save-them). I immediately picked this post because I can relate to it to some level. My family speaks a few dialects of chinese and I cannot seem to pick them up. I could only learn English as it was the only one that stuck to me. I am scared that I would not be able to pass down the language. As the article states, one language out of the 7,000 is dying every two weeks. Looking at the problem, I would say open source can definitely help preserve some of these languages. Being able to store the language digitally with video / contextual help can definitely slow down the dying of a language. People from all over the world and also learn these languages without direct contact with these natives. 

## Tom Callaway's Post

One of the buisness that really struck me was #2 Open Core. Quite a few companies release their "core" as open source, but offer proprietary solutions using that core. The value that customers get out of is not the core, but the wrapper that the company has made using the core. One of the examples that come to mind is chromium and google chrome. Google chrome is still extremely profitable, and it's core is open sourced.

Another interesting model is #5 FUD. This model relies on the customers being scared touching your open source code, therefore purchasing a license to skip the hassle. Code like MongoDB, who uses the SSPL license which states that all projects using this code, must also release every other version connected to it. Which is very undesirable for companies who need to use a small section.

## Advantages of open source in the enterprise

The advantages that sticks out to me the most is Flexibility and Agility. Being able to just jump into the environment without worrying about fees and conditions is a breath refresher. This is true for my open source experience, the first day I was interested, I just downloaded the source code and ran in on my computer. It took less than 30minutes to setup a working local copy. This plays into the speed perk, since contributors can offer multiple ways to solve a problem not to mention the contributions are free of charge. In conclusion, open source offers a efficent well rounded solution to enterprises.

## Working in open source

Working at a company that only provides open source is not a dream of mines, but I would definitely not mind it at all. This would mean that the code I write is open for everyone to see. It does give me more sense of accomplishment. Besides that, I would also be working towards a more united future for software engineering. My dream job would involve contributing to open source on the side while working on a main project that is not. In the future, I believe having re-usable code is the way to go. By reusing code from other projects, making new and impactful programs would be much quicker than it is now. 

## Project report

This week, I tried to tackle a larger [issue](https://github.com/osmlab/name-suggestion-index/issues/3375) on Name suggestion index. My only contributions so far, have been writing json object of the brand names that are in the issues. The issue that I wanted to solve is making a dark mode for the [website](https://nsi.guide/). I sent some pictures of the site after I dabbled with the css a bit and got some great feedback on it. I hope to finish this feature by the end of the semester.