---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

## Election Fraud Reading

Upon reading this article, I fully support the notion of an open sourced election project. After reading that some people's votes are not being counted properly because of outdated and old machines, I can't understand why there is an issue upgrading the machines and software. Since we are in the new age of technology, we should use it to implement one of the core feature of America, it's democracy. The current voting system is a black-box hardware that has been made over 20 years ago, while only some machines are made this year. The system that Miller proposed of having two modes of the program, one being a free experimental sandbox open to everyone and the other being a more controlled version that only allow features that pass security checks and offical approval. This way everyone can contribute, and if the officals approve the idea, then it will be passed into the control version. If this software can be finished in time for the next election in 2020, I would love to support it.

## Wikipedia

My first edit this week is to [Old School Runescape's](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Old_School_RuneScape&oldid=927189576) page. There was recently an updated released to the game and the information on wikipedia, in my opinion, was a little lacking. I added some key information about the update on the page and published it.

## Project

Made another [pull request](https://github.com/osmlab/name-suggestion-index/pull/3391) to add John L. Scott real estate company to the list. This closes issue #[3360](https://github.com/osmlab/name-suggestion-index/issues/3360). When I was making this PR, I ran into the issue of not having my version updated with the original version of the project. It first gave a conflict when I tried to submit the PR, but I fixed this by setting the original as a remote and pulled all the changes into my copy.

## Weekly summary

This week, I learned that there was a lot more to linux commands than I thought. The lectures this week on linux really showed me how powerful it can be. When doing exercise #1, I found it very fun trying about different commands to achieve the same result.
