---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---


## Project

For my selected project I chose to work on [Name suggestion Index](https://github.com/osmlab/name-suggestion-index). I cloned the repository on my local machine. The environment is very easy to configure. I just have to use the scripts in the package.json file to compile my code. Once compling, I can see any errors I made and anything that I can fix. A lot of the issues in the issue tab is related to either missing wikidata or missing the brand in general. For the missing wikidata, I would have to make a wikipedia page on it. For the missing brands, I would just have to research the brand and put them in the appropriate locations with the right tags. I have read the contributing markdown file and everything seems to be straight forward. In this project, there is not nessecarily code that I need to refactor, I only need to add entities. I have also joined OSM Lab's slack channel incase I need help.

## Talk with Bill

Bill from FactSets came to our class and talked about open source projects from his viewpoint. I remember Bill talking about the GPL license that we also discussed in class. Since the license is "Recursive" meaning that anyone who uses or refactors that code would also have to adopt the license, a lot of companies try to avoid projects with those types on licenses. One really cool thing about FactSet is that they let their employees work on open source projects while they're on company time. This honestly is really great because not only will it motivate employees to help out the open source world, but also shows that the company cares about other organizations besides their own.

## Weekly Summary
* Picked Name Suggestion Index as Project
* Read pro git section 3
* Currently reading The Cathedral and the Bazaar
