---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

## Project Exploration

### Rejected Projects
https://github.com/runelite/runelite

This was probably one of the projects that I wanted to work on this most because I use this client every time I play the game runescape. I tried to contribute with adding new plugins, but the learning curve was much too large for me. If I had more time this semester, I would definitely sit down and spend the time re-learning Java, but this will have to stay in the rejected file for now.

### Possible Projects
https://github.com/honestbleeps/Reddit-Enhancement-Suite

I had no idea that Reddit Enchancement Suite was open sourced. I use this plugin on chrome everyday when browsing reddit and it makes my browsing experience a lot cleaner. I'm listing this as a possible project to contribute to because it does mainly use JavaScript and their are issues that are tagged as easy / first time contributors. Only thing that is stopping me is the fact that I have to read through the codebase first to get some sort of familiarity with it.

### Accepted Projects
https://github.com/osmlab/name-suggestion-index

This project by osmlab really caught my eye. Their mission is to maintain a list of commonly used names for the tagging feature of OpenStreetMaps.
They have a contributing markdown file that lists the dos and don'ts when contributing. This project really appealed to me as a beginner because very little coding is involved. Most of the contributions will be just inputting brand names and their pictures.
## Session with Karen Sandler

This week's presentation by Karen Sandler was a very informative session that helped my understanding of the importance of software freedom. Her anecdotes to her personal life and issues really tied in the importance of it for me. Her struggle of trying to get the attention of her pacemaker's company brought to my attention how real and potentially life threatening this situtation can be. Ultimately her talk, put me into perspective that the topics we were discussing in class goes beyond the classroom.
