---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

## Article Findings

One link I found really interesting in the article is: [Github Explore](https://github.com/explore). I normally only use github for my own projects, but I forget that there are many other one's out there as well. [](Github.com/explore) matches open issues based on the users interests. I find this very useful in narrowing down my search because I am more likely to contribute to an issue if I am familiar with it's syntax and environment. For example, the first thing Github explore shows me is an issue on ``` .post(), .put(), and .patch() functions in API docs missing 'files' parameter```. Since I have experience using post, put, and patch, fixing this issue would take me less time to solve than an issue requiring me to learn something completely new.

Another link I found to be really helpful is: [First Timer's Only](https://github.com/firstcontributions/first-contributions). With this source, I found a README much like the one in class, but with pictures for each step. 

From the article itself, I found out that 28% of casual contributions are just fixing typos, reformatting or writing a translation. This statement takes a load off my chest, because something as simple as this can still count as a contribution.

## Comments about this week's git activity

In this week's class, one of the activities was a Github lesson where we learned on how to make a contribution. I found it to be a bit confusing at first. The procedure for updating the master repo from a forked repo was not as easy as it seems. I've only worked and pushed from repos where I am listed as a collaborator, so making a fork and making pull requests from that fork was something new for me.


## Source of reading

[Finding a project to contribute to](https://opensource.guide/how-to-contribute/#finding-a-project-to-contribute-to)