---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

## Kevin Flemming Visit

Kevin Flemming from Bloomberg LP came to talk about what he does at Bloomberg and how his role affects the open source world. Bloomberg's product is called Bloomberg Terminal, which is a subscription based solution that is mainly sold to finanical companies. The product is a finanical tool used to predict market and stock prices. The product is used heavily by many fortune 500 companies and some cannot function without using it daily. Kevin also mentioned many of the open sourced projects that Bloomberg uses everyday to maintain their services. He explained how he and his company contributes to these projects. When Bloomberg needs a feature such as Apache Solr, some of their engineers where assigned this feature and it remained open source for everyone to use. This sets an amazing standard for companies by showing that not everything is about profit, but also to nurture the environment.

## Wikipedia Contributions

I made to edit to Hunter College's wikipedia page. I noticed when reading the page, there was no note that the Tau sculpture in front of the west building has been removed for restoration. So I just added a [note](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Hunter_College&oldid=926049581) saying that it has been removed.

Another small contribution I made was added a link to [Mixer's](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Mixer_(service)&oldid=926050760) "see also" section. Twitch.tv is a very popular streaming site, so I added it to the see also section for people who wanted to see similar sites.

## Project Contributions

After browsing the issues tab of Name suggestion Index, I found another [issue](https://github.com/osmlab/name-suggestion-index/issues/3363) that I will be working on. This one is also adding another brand to the list. I will be adding a reference to NASA Federal Credit Union bank to the list. Another issue for this weekend, would be adding this [steak house](https://github.com/osmlab/name-suggestion-index/issues/3362) to the list.

Also, I came across this [comment](https://github.com/osmlab/name-suggestion-index/issues/3368#issuecomment-553594791) from `bhousel`, the maintainer of OSM's Name suggestion Index, and I love the fact that he is very helpful towards newcomers. If anyone in the future needs something to work on to get they're foot in the door, I recommend contributing to this project!

## System76 

System76 announced recently that will be shipping two of their laptop models, with an OPEN SOURCE BIOS call [corebot](https://www.coreboot.org/). This is huge in my opinon because I've built my own computer and had trouble with my motherboard's firmware. It was hard to figure out the right settings because of the little support. If it was open sourced I definitely would have approached it differently. Not to mention nowadays, most firmwares are locked behind it's creators which disallows you access to the machine BIOS. System76 is sending a message saying that the hardware you buy, should also come with some freedom in looking at the software.

## Weekly Contributions
 
* Wikipedia Contributions
* Gathering a list of issues to work on over the weekend for OSM's Name suggestion Index


